Team: Dewbed
    Members: William, Bettina, Emily, and Devika
    Project: 1A - Concept and Initial Plan
       Primary Author: Devika
Concept Plan for Introspective Spotify. 
Introspective Spotify is a website that utilizes user data obtained through Spotify’s API in combination with music theory and knowledge of personalities to provide users with a listening experience more catered to their identity. Users will view an analysis of their listening habits—more specifically, the most common themes, keys, b.p.m. of their recently played songs. Introspective Spotify will build off that knowledge to recommend songs, artists, and a playlist that align with their personality. If users are feeling adventurous, users can opt into an optional feature where Introspective Spotify will recommend songs from genres the user does not currently engage with.  Users can also customize their playlists with cover art generated by an algorithm that analyzes the average beats per minute, major, and tone of their music to create a solid color playlist cover representing their unique personality.  Furthermore, the features of Introspective Spotify will be available through an interactive Discord Bot to help alleviate the issue of social isolation during this pandemic. Using Discord’s API, users can interact with a bot to create virtual listening sessions with friends on servers. Introspective Spotify will also introduce users to new music based on their friends’ musical preferences.The Discord Bot will also allow users in the same server to view their “music compatibility” based on their main music genre, music theme, and more.
Introspective Spotify is great for users who enjoy listening to music while doing everyday activities and may want to learn more about their personal music tastes. Users of Spotify and “personality” applications would enjoy Introspective Spotify as it combines the best of both applications. 
Using APIs, front-end web knowledge, and our competitive research, our team will be able to build a cohesive first example of Introspective Spotify. As music is something our team had in common, we believe that Introspective Spotify will be a fun project to work on for us! To get started, we have already created a collaborative playlist and even a Discord server to communicate with one another. Our collaborative playlist helped our team bond through the hardships of a virtual environment and was the initial spark for Introspective Spotify. Through this project, we will continue to enrich our experience for our team, we feel that it’ll continue to impact others as well once finished.