Team: DEWBED
    Members: Bettina, Devika, Emily, William
    Project: 1D - Post-Mortem Analysis
Final Project Proposal: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MuT_178EinAgA7VY1x_eecsaYtD2ZPpPKDiQtQ1LRS4/edit?usp=sharing
Post Mortem Analysis: 
Status Meeting Minutes: https://github.com/bettinabenitez/introspectivespotify/blob/master/P1D%20-%20P1D%20-%20Final%20Proposal%20and%20Post%20Mortem/minutes_1d.txt
Primary Author: Bettina 

When we first started this project, we came in with diverse ideas. From politics to template generators to even a Sakai app, our brainstorming sessions proved to be well driven but ended with no conclusions. Initially, it was difficult deciding which ideas to pursue. However, after dedicating time to whittle down our ideas, conducting a poll, asking Prof. Kampe for feedback, and writing out pros and cons, we agreed on a Discord Spotify Bot. Through this initial research process, we gained more knowledge of existing Discord Bots, Spotify developer projects, and the functionality of existing APIs. We even had the chance to create a private Discord server and test out existing Music Bots on there. While our initial brainstorming seemed chaotic at first, our research process helped streamline our idea into what Introspective Spotify is today.
After creating our initial proposal and requirements, we hosted a user elicitation panel where we presented our initial product and asked for feedback and suggestions. There were some technical difficulties regarding a Zoom update, so some panelists arrived late. Zoom also felt a bit impersonal because it was more difficult to read body language. Despite these minor setbacks, we received great feedback and excitement from our panelists. It was very helpful to learn about their needs, which led to new requirements and features. Our panel affirmed the need for many of our initial requirements. 
After gathering all the information, we compiled our previous deliverables to write up our final proposal. Since we divided our deliverables among us, we each wrote up separate parts of the final proposal, which sped up the process. However, this resulted in the final proposal feeling disconnected and redundant. In order to keep our report streamlined, we did multiple rounds of proofreading and met over a Zoom call where we took advantage of our combined knowledge of the project.
Throughout phase one, we prioritized organization by following our management timeline. From the beginning, we compiled all notes and analysis documents in a Google Drive for all members to collaborate on.  After meetings, we would update our GitHub repository and maintain a Discord channel with updated documents throughout the week. While we aimed for efficiency, we found that it could be hard to navigate meetings when one member was in a completely different timezone. While daunting at first, we were able to mitigate the situation by ensuring all members were comfortable with a late-night or early morning meeting time. Yet, due to the enthusiastic nature of our team, we ended up having many side conversations during meetings. We also noticed that we worked better together, rather than individually as our management timeline dictated. We started to work on large analysis documents together and edited each other’s work. While this strayed from our management plan, we felt that our overall work was stronger and depicted all of our team’s opinions and thoughts. Overall, we ensured we maintained our organization from day one and worked around any distractions during virtual meetings. 
Over the course of this project, we learned about the necessary steps for researching, proposing, and validating a software product. We understand the importance of users while gathering requirements for a product as they not only provide us with the needs we have to meet but also insight on how to prioritize these features. We experienced various technical difficulties, like poor Wi-Fi connection to Zoom calls and unfamiliarity with Discord, which hindered our ability to work with one another. Our group also felt distanced from one another since we are not in person. To overcome this disconnect among our members, we often worked collaboratively on our project deliverables and did group bonding activities, such as making a shared playlist. Overall, we gained a lot of knowledge of the beginnings of the software development process as well as the ways to connect with one another during times of social distancing. 
