Team: DEWBED
    Members: Bettina, Devika, Emily, William
    Project: 1D - Final Proposal
Product proposal: http://bit.ly/dewbed-proposal
Primary Author: Bettina, Devika, Emily, and William
Introspective Spotify is a Discord bot that utilizes users’ Spotify listening history and music theory analysis to provide personalized music suggestions. Introspective Spotify hopes to alleviate feelings of social isolation during this pandemic by allowing users in the same Discord server to listen to music synchronously. Introspective Spotify will also build off a user’s listening history to recommend songs and artists in a “wrapped” playlist. Similarly, our software can recommend music a user used to listen to frequently in a generated “nostalgia” playlist. Users can also customize their playlists with cover art generated by an algorithm that analyzes the average beats per minute, major, and tone of their music to create a playlist cover representing their unique music taste. Furthermore, the features of Introspective Spotify will be available through an interactive Discord Bot where users can interact with the bot, their friends, and share their analyses in a Discord server. 
We identified three key users for Introspective Spotify, the first being users who want to connect with their friends during social distancing. This group of users seeks a sense of community through a virtual platform. These needs motivated Introspective Spotify’s requirements for synchronous listening, playlist sharing, and listening to history analytics. Our next user group is people who want to learn more about music theory. This group needs the functionality of insights about their musical tastes through easy-to-understand analysis that does not require previous knowledge of music theory. To achieve this need, Introspective Spotify will visualize their music analysis so that it is readable and easy to access. This user group and their needs motivate our Music Theory Analysis and History Analytics features, which will provide the knowledge and visualizations our users desire. Individuals who make and share playlists frequently comprise our third user group. By creating and sharing collaborative playlists with their friends, these users both bond with and expand the music tastes of their friends. This user group needs a platform that lets them easily combine playlists from various users, obtain feedback, and share their creations with others. Our requirement of synchronous listening enables this user group to share their curated playlists among friends and obtain real-time feedback. Introspective Spotify will help playlist creators create collaborative music experiences, expand music tastes, and further their connections with friends on an online platform. 
Currently, there are no competitive Spotify-related products that allow for both synchronous listening and music analysis. Our closest competitive products in the synchronous listening domain are Discord Music bots, but they do not allow songs to be queued directly from Spotify and do not include music analysis features. For music analysis, we found that Spotify offers a feature that gives users insights to their music tastes, but this feature was limited to the end of the year and without options to easily compare insights with others. Thus, we determined that Spotify Introspective is a unique product with key features that other products on the market do not offer. 
We had our elicitation requirements interview with three potential users to gather information about their needs from our product. Each of our panelists falls under at least one of our user groups. All users claimed to use Spotify as their preferred streaming platform due to price, usability, and flexibility between different platforms. While only one user out of our panelists uses Discord, the other two mentioned they are interested in trying it out. Hence, in terms of software, our users were familiar or open to using software which we base Introspective Spotify on.
Our users affirmed and prioritised two of our features: synchronous listening and music theory analytics. Additionally, our users have suggested two more features that they would like included in the application: Music History Analytics and Spotify wrapped with friends. Music History Analytics would show how their music has changed throughout their usage of Spotify. Spotify Wrapped with Friends would analyze compatibility between users.
After consulting with potential users and reflecting on our initial idea, we decided on four core requirements for Introspective Spotify. Our highest priorities are ensuring users can view their music’s insights through music theory and an analysis of their music history through our bot. Both requirements are initial foundations for improving our product in the future with other analytical components. Another core feature of our Discord Bot enables synchronous listening with friends on a private server. As both the team members and the panelists users are facing the impacts of isolation during the pandemic, synchronous listening had overall positive feedback from both team members and panelists. Similar to the analysis requirements, synchronous listening can help pave a foundation for further expansion in the future. Our final requirement “Spotify Wrapped with Friends” continued the idea of collaboration through sharing an overall wrap-up of a user’s listening patterns through interactive visuals that can be shared and completed with friends. This aligns with our goals of ensuring a connection with friends in isolation and the user’s panel’s continued expressed interest in being able to compare music tastes with other friends. All four requirements were backed up by our user panel’s enthusiasm and our initial proposal for Introspective Spotify. Through the feedback of our elicitation requirements interview, these requirements proved to be valuable and exciting for the future. 
Overall, our user panel expressed a high interest in our product, illustrating the real need for Introspective Spotify. Introspective Spotify is feasible since both Spotify and Discord offer open APIs with developer guides. Our research on competitive products has shown that the functionality of Introspective Spotify is possible to achieve and lay a foundation for further expansion in the future.